respects a long time Network moving
around with winning money dance doing
the money dance
respects all over town that work moved
in the ground we doing and learning
dance doing and money back with my bag
right my trap bang that's trapped life
I'm in the kitchen that bag white my
money green that cash like a face
straight last night she gave it up ain't
asked like Kyle moves like a Power Move
y'all pussy niggas better act like push
packs all over town Network
move in move around I get that we got
those I've been goofing by those kind of
boys doing tacos it that extra cheese
them nachos let them bands up and that
spot girls can fit him off of that Guapo
got some diamonds all of my ears thumbs
all of my wrists got them pussy niggas
on hate folks they can't control a bitch
I'm just brown with that bag pushing
product on my strip OG Kush smoking a
zag then this dollar sign go get man my
trap jump stupid haul all night all day
all I know I gotta get mine I'm gonna
fuck what y'all think my pull-up game is
crazy
she won't let hand my baby I know y'all
niggas hate me but that can't get to
your safety respect
town Network pull them around we doing
the money dance keep doing the money
dance suspects although found that work
proved and move around we doing and
learning day when I'm money came up into
little it exactly like is like a
six-second like skis is in this money
let has cheese nepotism burn on the
bottom I shave I do and I'm flat hair up
a still do is to pass now CPC I think an
old like me live in companies can't get
faces where actors in a shutter guarding
his Rose I'm sorry baby no Tom I need
you sure what but up my arm I'm owning
that times i'm a colo for the cleanest
is work mold I got work holy fuck Oh
give me some likes to watch completable
try to shine some give money buddy but
you gotta do it again
we pack so long town Network goofing
around
we're doing a bunny dance you're gonna
money ban suspects all uptown Network
move in the ground you're doing and
learning gain keep doing that money man